what would it be like to be there
alongside Han Solo incredible worlds
with all these aliens and creatures so
much care is taken if the visual with
creating an immersive experience it's as
close to going on a ride as any movie
can be unlike a movie that's an ensemble
this is really really focused which is
focused on console all relationship
fencing with Lando and ask you a
question captain Calrissian anything
hang it on the kira han drama and
suspense that might be the only person
who knows what you really are lissa
Chewbacca and navigating that romance or
never
well what do you know I wanna buckle up
baby it's not often that the Excite buy
special effective movies was all about
character that was so surprising I loved
her
I'm so overwhelmed by the emotional
rollercoaster that I need to see that
movie again it's a good sum of film and
I don't say that lightly like this is an
event it's just a really wonderful
adventure story if a lot of heart and a
lot of humor it's a black
[Music]